Extend storage limits documentation with management and LFS file dele… (#1531)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-limits.md

### Grants for private repositories

If you need more model/ dataset storage than your allocated private storage for academic/ research purposes, please reach out to us at datasets@huggingface.co or models@huggingface.co along with a proposal of how you will use the storage grant.

## How can I free up storage space in my account/organization?

> There are several ways to manage and free some storage space in your account or organization. First, if you need more storage space, consider upgrading to PRO or Enterprise plans for increased storage limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to manage and free some storage space in your account or organization. First, if you need more storage space, consider upgrading to PRO or Enterprise Hub plans for increased storage limits.
```

⚠️ **Important**: Deleting LFS files is a destructive operation that cannot be undone. Make sure to backup your files before proceeding.

> Key points to understand:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key points to remember:
```

> - Deleting only LFS pointers don't free space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deleting only LFS pointers doesn't free space
```

> - Deleting only LFS pointers doesn't free space

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deleting only LFS pointers doesn't free up space
```

> - Future checkouts of branches/tags containing deleted LFS files with existing lfs pointers will fail (to avoid errors, add the following line to your `.gitconfig` file: `lfs.skipdownloaderrors=true`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you do not rewrite the Git history, future checkouts of branches/tags containing deleted LFS files with existing lfs pointers will fail (to avoid errors, add the following line to your `.gitconfig` file: `lfs.skipdownloaderrors=true`)
```
?

### Deleting individual LFS files

1. Navigate to your repository's Settings page

> 2. Click on "List LFS files" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on "List LFS files" in the "Storage" section
```

3. Use the actions menu to delete specific files

> ### Super squash by API your repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Super-squash your repository using the API
```

> The super squash operation allows you to compress your entire Git history into a single commit, consider using super squash when you need to reclaim storage from old LFS versions you're not using. This operation is only available through the [Hub Python Library](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/main/en/package_reference/hf_api#huggingface_hub.HfApi.super_squash_history).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The super-squash operation allows you to compress your entire Git history into a single commit, consider using super-squash when you need to reclaim storage from old LFS versions you're not using. This operation is only available through the [Hub Python Library](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/main/en/package_reference/hf_api#huggingface_hub.HfApi.super_squash_history) or the API.
```

> The super-squash operation allows you to compress your entire Git history into a single commit, consider using super-squash when you need to reclaim storage from old LFS versions you're not using. This operation is only available through the [Hub Python Library](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/main/en/package_reference/hf_api#huggingface_hub.HfApi.super_squash_history) or the API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The super-squash operation compresses your entire Git history into a single commit. Consider using super-squash when you need to reclaim storage from old LFS versions you're not using. This operation is only available through the [Hub Python Library](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/main/en/package_reference/hf_api#huggingface_hub.HfApi.super_squash_history) or the API.
```

⚠️ **Important**: This is a destructive operation that cannot be undone, commit history will be permanently lost and **LFS file history will be removed**

> Changes from the squash operation is not immediate on yur quota and will be reflected in your storage quota within a few minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The effects from the squash operation on your storage quota are not immediate and will be reflected on your quota within a few minutes.
```

> ### Track LFS file references

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced: Track LFS file references
```

Reviewer: and add an line on why one would use this
